README.md, before:

# Shaiya-Core
Core is an open-source project designed to provide a universal Shaiya base for running private servers. This repository contains the code used by the server (PSGame), login (PSLogin), database agent (PSDBAgent), and the client (Game.exe).

As the spiritual successor to the Essentials project, Core aims to deliver a better development foundation — with fewer modifications and a focus on preserving the game’s original content.

### Getting Started
Please note that this repository is simply a merge of two existing projects (EP6 + Essentials) to offer a cleaner and easier-to-manage solution. If you prefer, you may compile each part separately from their original repositories.

### Server Code
The server-side code does not receive direct modifications in this project; it remains a strict copy of the EP6 project without a single line changed, offering a stable and immutable version. If you want to keep the latest code updates, please keep using EP6 repository code instead.

### Client Code
The client-side code does receive small, controlled updates. The original Essentials repository remains archived as an immutable and stable reference.

---

⚠ Work in Progress
The use of this repository is not recommended until the main project officially launches.

Commit message:

Update README with links to original code repositories
Added links to original server and client code repositories.

README.md, after:

# Shaiya-Core
Core is an open-source project designed to provide a universal Shaiya base for running private servers. This repository contains the code used by the server (PSGame), login (PSLogin), database agent (PSDBAgent), and the client (Game.exe).

As the spiritual successor to the Essentials project, Core aims to deliver a better development foundation — with fewer modifications and a focus on preserving the game’s original content.

### Getting Started
Please note that this repository is simply a merge of two existing projects (EP6 + Essentials) to offer a cleaner and easier-to-manage solution. If you prefer, you may compile each part separately from their original repositories.

### Server Code
The server-side code does not receive direct modifications in this project; it remains a strict copy of the EP6 project without a single line changed, offering a stable and immutable version. If you want to keep the latest code updates, please keep using EP6 repository code instead.
You can refer to the original server/login/agent code here:  https://github.com/kurtekat/shaiya-episode-6

### Client Code
The client-side code does receive small, controlled updates. The original Essentials repository remains archived as an immutable and stable reference.
You can refer to the original client code here:  https://github.com/Spelunkern/shaiya-essentials
---

⚠ Work in Progress
The use of this repository is not recommended until the main project officially launches.
